Updated README and CONTRIBUTING (#605)
ZupIT/horusec: CONTRIBUTING.md

## **Table of contents**
1. [**Getting Started**](#Getting-started)
   1. [**Before you contribute**](#Before-you-contribute)
   2. [**Code of Conduct**](#Code-of-Conduct)
   3. [**Legal**](#Legal)
2. [**Prerequisites**](#Prerequisites)
   1. [**Developer Certificate of Origin**](#Developer-Certificate-of-Origin)
   2. [**Code Review**](#Code-Review)
   3. [**Pull Requests**](#Pull-Requests)    
3. [**How to contribute?**](#How-to-contribute?)
      1. [**Prepare your development environment**](#Using-Docker)
      2. [**First contribution**](#First-contribution)
      4. [**Add new feature, bugfixing or improvement**](#Add-new-feature-bugfixing-or-improvement)
      5. [**Pull Request's approval**](#Pull-Request's-approval)
      6. [**After your pull request's approval**](#After-your-pull-request's-approval)
4. [**Community**](#Community)

## **Getting started**

### **Before you contribute**

### **Code of Conduct**
Please follow the [**Code of Conduct**](https://github.com/ZupIT/horusec/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) in all your interactions with our project.

### **Legal**

> - Horusec is licensed over [**ASL - Apache License**](https://github.com/ZupIT/charlescd/blob/main/LICENSE), version 2, so new files must have the ASL version 2 header, for more information, please check out [**Apache license**](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Horusec is licensed over [**ASL - Apache License**](https://github.com/ZupIT/charlescd/blob/main/LICENSE), version 2, so new files must have the ASL version 2 header. For more information, please check out [**Apache license**](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).
```

- All your submissions needs a review.

### **Pull Requests**
When opening a PR: 
- You need to add a title describing the issue. 
- Fill in the template, describe why you are opening the PR.

## **How to contribute?** 
See the guidelines to submit your changes: 

### **Prepare your development environment**
Horusec has other repositories and you can check the README for each one of them: 

- [**Admin**](https://github.com/ZupIT/horusec-admin)
- [**Charts**](https://github.com/ZupIT/charlescd/tree/main/circle-matcher)
- [**Devkit**](https://github.com/ZupIT/horusec-devkit)
- [**Engine**](https://github.com/ZupIT/horusec-engine)
- [**Jenkins**](https://github.com/ZupIT/horusec-jenkins-sharedlib)
- [**Operator**](https://github.com/ZupIT/horusec-operator)
- [**Platform**](https://github.com/ZupIT/horusec-platform)
- [**VSCode plugin**](https://github.com/ZupIT/horusec-vscode-plugin)
- [**Kotlin**](https://github.com/ZupIT/horusec-tree-sitter-kotlin)
- [**Vulnerabilities**](https://github.com/ZupIT/horusec-examples-vulnerabilities)

### **First contribution**
Contributing to a new feature is only allowed in the [**main repository**](https://github.com/ZupIT/horusec).

> Before contributing to this repository, please discuss the changes you wish to make via email or [**forum**](https://forum.zup.com.br/c/en/horusec/14). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before contributing to this repository, please discuss the changes you wish to make via e-mail or [**forum**](https://forum.zup.com.br/c/en/horusec/14). 
```
